Migrate wasm languages to dev docs (#1177)
fermyon/developer: content/wasm-languages/c-sharp.md

date = "2024-02-18T01:01:01Z"
title = "C# (and .NET) in WebAssembly"
description = "C# (C-sharp) is backed by the .NET (dotnet) ecosystem, whose Wasm support is rapidly maturing."
tags = ["c#", "csharp", "dotnet", ".net", "webassembly"]
template = "page_lang"
[extra]
author = "Fermyon Staff"
last_modified = "2022-03-10T21:50:50Z"
url = "https://github.com/fermyon/developer/blob/main/content/wasm-languages/c-sharp.md"

---

> The .NET (aka dotnet) ecosystem supports a variety of languages, including C# (C sharp) and ASP.NET. Programs that target .NET are compiled to an intermediary bytecode format that runs in the .NET Common Language Runtime (CLR). This makes .NET an example of a [virtual machine language](/blog/scripts-vs.compiled-wasm.md).

Author: ```suggestion
The .NET (aka dotnet) ecosystem supports a variety of languages, including C# (C sharp) and ASP.NET. Programs that target .NET are compiled to an intermediary bytecode format that runs in the .NET Common Language Runtime (CLR). This makes .NET an example of a [virtual machine language](https://www.fermyon.com/blog/scripts-vs-compiled-wasm).
```
